[category]: <> (Coding)
[date]: <> (2023/04/04)
[title]: <> (Codingame Question 14)

### The following is a question from codingame, clash of code:

Compact Discs (CDs) uses pits and lands to store digital data. **Pits and lands don't directly encode 1's and 0's; instead, a change from pit to land (or vice versa) encodes a 1, and a lack of change encodes a 0.**


Your job is to burn such a CD – more precisely, to represent the pits-and-lands stream on the CD with a string. You will be provided the characters P (to represent a pit) and L (to represent a land), and then an ASCII data stream D.

You will **convert D char-by-char to their corresponding ASCII byte code in 8-bit binary (MSB first), concatenate them, and then represent them with a pits-and-lands stream.**


For this puzzle, **the pit-and-land stream always starts with one(1) pit character P, even if D is an empty string.**
Input
Line 1: One(1) printable ASCII character P, representing a pit.
Line 2: One(1) printable ASCII character L, representing a land.
Line 3: A string D of arbitrary length that may contain any printable ASCII characters.

Any of the above inputs can be/contain spaces.
Output
Line 1: A string consisting of only P and L and representing the required pits-and-lands data stream.
Constraints
0 ≤ Length of D ≤ 100
1 ≤ Length of Output ≤ 801
### Example

### Input
```javascript
"#"
"_"
"1"

```
### Output
```javascript
"###_####_"
```
# Break it down
- first, in order to get an 8-bit binary representation of each character, we need to convert the string to ASCII code
- we can loop through 'D' find the ASCII using charCodeAt() and add the 8-bit representation to a new string using the below method.
```javascript
const P = "#"
const L = "_"
const D = "1"

let bin = ""
for(let i = 0; i <= D.length-1; i++){
    let ascii = D.charCodeAt(i)
    bin += ascii.toString(2).padStart(8,'0')
}
```
### Output
```javascript
"00110001"
```
- then we can iterate through the binary
- **"a change from pit to land (or vice versa) encodes a 1, and a lack of change encodes a 0"**
- we know we start with one 'P' so we can start our 'res' string with that
- the binary will translate to a pit and land stream like this: 
```javascript
"###_####_"
```
- 0 = no change, 1 = change
```javascript
"000100001"
```
- iterate through the binary, when a '1' is found, increment 'idx' by 1, this way we can find odd and even numbers (odd when there is a change)
- the bitwise AND operator 'idx & 1' will be equal to '0' if 'idx' is even and equal to '1' if 'idx' is odd. 
- the result is used as an index to access either 'P' or'L' from an array and appended to 'res' string.

```javascript
let res = P
let idx = 0

for (x of bin) {
    if (x === '1'){
        idx++
    }res += [P,L][idx & 1]
}

console.log(res);

```
### Output
```javascript
"###_####_"
```